    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML means to provide meaning to our markup such as sections, p, and header.
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used for creating and laying out a website or a webpage.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is a way to provide more information about an element or how an element is supposed to behave such as a class or href for a link.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    An H1 tag is used for an important heading such as a title of a company and should be used once on a page for SEO.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Anchor and img;
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    A header tag.
    7. What is an id?
     An id is a unique identifier for an element and can be used for navigation, styling, and in javascript to provide functionality.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    An id can be used on any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    An id can only be used once on the same page.

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is a way to provide an element more meaning or way to style a large chunk of elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    A class can be added to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    A class can be used on a page as many times as you'd like.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Set the target attribute to _blank;

    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    The alt attribute provides more information for an element or the screen reader will read out what it is for accessibility.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    You reference an id by using #idName;

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is a semantic element and provides more meaning a div doesn't have meaning but is used as a presenational element.

    17. What is CSS used for?
    CSS is used to style the website or webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    H2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is a way to provide more meaning to an element but is more used for styling large chunks of elements while an id can only be used once and it's used for navigation or provide funcationality in javascript.
    You would use a class to style a section or title. An example for an id would be used to provide functionality to a button in javascript.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector is a way to select a child that corresponds to that parent and would be useful in case you only wanted the child to be styled a certain way compared to the parent.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div a.sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A psuedo selector is a way to define a special state of an element such as hover.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    Text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    Div{border: 1px dotted black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * - star is is the wildcard selector that will select everything on the page.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*This is a comment is CSS*/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    $ pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Use the ls command.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    Use the rm command and you have to be careful because it is permenant and can't be undone and it doesn't move it to the trash.

    34. Why should I use version control?
    Version control is great for collaboroation and it allow anyone to work on the same file at the same time. Once you're done it'll merge the differences so everyone will have the most udpated files.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes was discussed in the lecture.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    $ git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    -Fork the assignment from github
    -Clone repo
    -Create a new branch
    -Submit pull request into the new branch
    -TL will merge back into your master

    Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    A block element always takes up a new line and takes up the full width available, and an inline element doesn't use a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
     When an elemet is positioend absolutely, no space is created for it and and is positioned to the its closest positioned ancestor if it has any otherwise it's positioned relative to the containing block.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Display:inline-block;

    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Display block = Div, h1, section. Inline = button, input. Inline-block = img.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    The box model is the the process of adding boxes around an element that are comprised of position, margin, border, padding, and content. The fix for the box model would be to use something like flexbox
    inside of CSS.

CodePen Link: https://codepen.io/jagins/pen/mddBegy?editors=1100